# Word Counter, CS214 Fall 2024

Implementation of WordCounter used functions get_entry_type, search_directory, read_text, has_double_dash, and add_to_words. Each of these functions helps navigate a directory and detirmining which files to work with, and whether or not to search the directory. The way this file works, is it will navigate the directory using an argument passed in, which is the directory path, and check whether it is working with another directory or a .txt file, if it is not working with either of them or the file starts with "." or ".." it will also skip it. If it is working with another directory, it will call search_directory again and recurse that way, if it comes onto a .txt file, it will call read_text on the pathname. The way the program knows whether it is a directory or a file, is using the get_entry_type function. This function takes in the pathname and uses the pathname of the file or directory. it uses S_ISREG and S_ISDIR to check whether or not it is a file or a directroy and will return a number that corresponds to file or directory or neither. The way read_text works is that it takes in a pointer to the pathname and then will put it into a string then it will fill the buffer until there is nothing else to read, then during each iteration it will cut the buffer at whitespace and delimiters, and add the words to an array using the add_to_words function. In add_to_words, like said before it will check for the delimiters that seperate the words, and check for an edge case of having a double dash using the has_double_dash function. After all of that it wil count the words using the array of words returned from reading the text. It will iterate through all the arguements and do the same to each one. To count the words finally, we take in the array of words and the amount of words counted before in total. Each time the program will check if a struct for the word has been made and if not it will create a struct for the word that has the count of the word, and the word itself. Each time it checks if that word is a struct in the array of structs and it will increase the count each time if the word is has been found. After all of that it will return the count of the word at the very end. 

## DESIGN NOTES
This program is made to take in multiple arguments when they are all directories or .txt files. 
Our testing strategy for this was to make a directory with files inside and outside of it that would have .txt files or not, and handcount the iterations of each word and compare to what we got. We would test by trying different ways that would seperate words whether it be grammar, or numbers, spaces, etc. A specific case we would test for is words with a double dash in them, as we made a function to specifically test for it. Our tests really focus on checking if the program is functional. 

## HOW TO RUN
$ make
$./words PATH/TO/DIRECTORY PATH/TO/FILE
$ make clean